[ML] allow documents to be out of order within the same time bucket (#70468)
elastic/elasticsearch: docs/reference/ml/ml-shared.asciidoc

end::open-time[]

tag::out-of-order-timestamp-count[]

> The number of input documents that are out of time sequence outside the same 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The number of input documents that have a timestamp chronologically preceding the start of the current anomaly detection bucket offset by the latency window.
```
